SCHEDULE B1 
SCOPE OF THE PROJECT 
1. GENERAL 
The following sections of this schedule briefly highlight the scope of the work of the Project 
Highway. The description of the requirements for the various elements of the Project 
Highway given herein under are the minimum requirements that the Concessionaire needs to 
undertake/provide for improvement of the same. 
2. THE PROJECT HIGHWAY 
The Consultant (SWK) on behalf of NHAI for the above section has carried out the detailed 
design. The Concessionaire is at the liberty to use his own design but the basic requirements 
of the design to IRC and MOST specifications have to be adhered to. The Concessionaire 
shall prepare the working drawings for all the components relevant for the improvement and 
upgradation of the Project Highway. The maintenance of the different elements of the Project 
Highway and facilities thereon shall follow the minimum maintenance requirements as 
described in Schedule L. All the designs and drawings which are in deviation from the one 
produced by NHAI shall be reviewed by the Independent Consultant prior to execution. 
2.1 CORE CONSTRUCTION REQUIREMENT 
2.1.1 In the planning, design and execution of the works and other works in connection with the 
repair, maintenance or improvement of the Project Highway and functions associated with the 
construction of the Project Highway and roadside facilities, the Concessionaire shall take all 
such actions and do all such things (including, but not limiting to, organizing itself, adopting 
measures and standards, executing procedures, including inspection procedures and highway 
patrols, and engaging and managing contractors, agents and employees) as will:- 
a. enable the NHAI to provide an acceptably safe highway in respect of its condition 
(structural safety) and use (road safety); and 
b. enable the NHAI to fulfill its statutory and common law obligations; and 
2.1.2 enable the NHAI to provide a congestion free uninterrupted flow of traffic on the Project 
Highway. 
2.1.3 enable the NHAI to provide a level of highway service to the public not inferior to that 
provided on the trunk road during construction or improvement works; 
2.1.4 enable the police, local authorities, and other with statutory duties or functions in relation to 
the Project Highway or adjoining roads to fulfil those duties and functions; 
2.1.5 minimise the occurrence and adverse effects of accidents and ensure that all accidents and 
emergencies are responded to as quickly as possible; 
2.1.6 minimise the risk of damage, destruction or disturbance to third party property; 
2.1.7 ensure that members of the public are treated with all due courtesy and consideration; 
2.1.8 provide a safe, clear and informative system of road signs; 
q- k 