Proposal of CIDBI, Malaysia for construction of new 2 lanes by the side of existing 2 lanes in the 
reach from km 217 (Nandigama) to km 252 (Ibrahimpatnam) in Andhra Pradesh - Schedules 
i 
SCHEDULE A2 
SITE OF THE PROJECT 
1. GENERAL 
National Highway No. 9 takes off from NH4 at Pune in the State of Maharashtra and after passing 
through Hyderabad, the capital city of Andhra Pradcsh, joins NHS at Vijayawada. It passes 
through the districts of Sangareddy, Hyderabad, Nalgonda and Krishna. Thus; it is an important 
National Highway, which connects two major National Highways, Nos 4 & 5, and also connects 
Hyderabad with Vijayawada, the two largest towns of Andhra Pradesh, one the State Capital and 
the other a big commercial and business centre. 
The distance from Hyderabad to Vijayalvada is 270 krn. But in this project, four laning of the 
reach from km 217 (Nandigama) to km 252.00 (Ibrahimpatnam) only has been included. 
However; CIDBI shall operate. maintain and collect toll on recently four laned reach from km 
252.00 (Ibrahimpatnam) to km 265 (Vijayawada). 
This stretch of road passes through the agricultural belt of the State. The terrain is generally plain 
and the gradients are flat. The area is predominantly black cotton soil and is rich and fertile. 
At the stretch between krn 242 to km 252, there are hillocks on the left side of the road, slightly 
away from the main road. where good quality hard rock is available. As such, a number of stone 
crushers have been established all along this stretch of the road on both the sides. 
I There is a major river Muniveru, crossing the National Highway in km 226 
kver Krishna is running almost parallel to the National Highway. 
Index Map is enclosed at Annex-A2 
/ 
2. DESCRIPTION PROJECT HIGHWAY 
2.1 Road Inventory 
The Project Highway from km 217 to km 252 has been strengthened to have a 
carriageway width of 7.0 n~ with 1 .5 m wide paved shoulder on either side under National 
Highways Project under loan assistance of ADB (Loan No. 1274-MD). This work has 
been completed in October 2000. 
2.2 Land Details 
The available ROW along the Project Highway is detailed at Annex-B. 